---
title: Location and Lodging
---

Crested Butte is a small resort town located at about 9000 feet, near
the continental divide. It is known for its skiing in the winter and
hiking and mountain biking in the summer.

-   [Photos
    1](http://mindview.net/Seminars/Locations/CrestedButte/MoreCrestedButtePhotos.html)
-   [Photos
    2](http://picasaweb.google.com/arnuff/DynamicWebFrameworks_June2007)

We hold the event in town, and free buses run up to the ski mountain
every 15 minutes.

One of the most popular things to do for conferences is to rent houses
together. You can do this through the conference mailing list -- often
one person finds the house, and then others come and fill it up.

[This site](http://www.downtowncrestedbutte.com/) is probably the most
well-maintained reference to hotels and restaurants in downtown Crested
Butte (where we hold the event -- note that you should try to stay
downtown and not on the mountain, so you can just walk everywhere). Note
that site only lists hotel-style lodging; there is also a [very nice
hostel](http://www.cbhostel.com/), and numerous AirB&B's and VRBO-style
spaces available.

You can also find further (albeit outdated in some places) [details
about lodging and how to get to Crested
Butte](http://mindview.net/Seminars/Locations/CrestedButte/CrestedButte.html),
but if you're in a hurry you can just call the Crested Butte Chamber of
Commerce at (800) 545-4505 and they will help you make a reservation.
Remember to ask for a reservation *in the town of Crested Butte*, and
not on the mountain, in order to be close to the conference location.
However, in the Summer there are always more rooms available on the
mountain than in town, and the bus is very convenient to get from the
mountain to town.

If you're on a budget, try the hostel or ask the Chamber of Commerce
about camping.

## Airline tips

https://sites.google.com/site/javaposseroundup/airline-tips

High-speed Internet is available in the conference location and at
several locations within easy walking distance of the conference
location. Many lodgings provide Internet access but you should ask to
make sure.

**Restaurants:**
[This](http://www.downtowncrestedbutte.com/restaurants-in-crested-butte/)
is a reasonably accurate list. There are also a few restaurants on the
mountain, including the popular [Django's](http://djangos.us/).

**Often people stay the day after the conference or for the weekend;
informal gatherings have been known to happen.**

[Here's another site](http://travelcrestedbutte.com/) about travel,
lodging and the Crested Butte experience.

**Group Houses:** Make sure you add yourself to the newsgroup for the
conference. People often organize to rent an entire house for the
conference, which can be more useful and fun. Once you're on the
newsgroup, feel free to make arrangements with other attendees to rent
houses.

